Good breath
Keep it hard
I have seen the baby's head, so hard
Congratulations to Miss Gu for successfully giving birth to a little princess
Doctor
cord blood
Save my little treasure
Don't worry.
Cord blood has been preserved
This will be sent to Xiaobao.
Bad, the mother shows signs of heavy bleeding
Prepare for rescue
Do you feel that your breathing is not smooth when you wake up?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I took care of it.
And how about my newborn baby?
Don't worry, Xiaobao's surgery went well
Just recover slowly
Your newborn premature baby is currently in an incubator
But the physiological signs are all stable
Fortunately, the children are all right
What about my husband?
How is he?
No, what do you mean?
Didn't he come to the rescue?
Don't get excited
Mr. Yan is currently in the ICU.
His life was saved
only
Just what?